Saved Modules in Module Maker
Accessible through the button in the menu bar
You can see a list of modules which have previously been saved
You can see details including:
Site
The module type
Promo number
and Page Name
You can filter by site
and Search by module name
We will find the card created in the other video
We have three options
Get the code for the card
Edit the card
or delete the save
Lets get the code
We can now copy the code in the normal way
We can also edit the card
We can now copy or resave the new variant
Lets find our new save
Now Lets delete it
You will be shown an alert to check you are sure you want to delete it. Once deleted there is no recovery.
We successfully deleted the saved card
Thanks for watching, you can find more help in the help centre.